Deprecate jupyterlab workspace (#10720)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: workspaces/README.md

## PrairieLearn workspace images

> Within this directory are a set of docker containers that are intended to be run inside of workspaces.
> These docker containers may be modified as needed on a per-course basis.

Reviewer: Nits, as long as you are changing things:

```suggestion
Within this directory are a set of Docker images that are intended to be run inside of workspaces.
These Docker images may be modified as needed on a per-course basis.
```

#### Maintained images

The following workspace images are maintained by PrairieLearn:

> - [An Ubuntu 24.04 desktop](./desktop/)

Reviewer: Ditto, let's use workspace image names.

> Within this directory are a set of Docker images that are intended to be run inside of workspaces.
> These Docker images may be modified as needed on a per-course basis.

Reviewer: Final cleanup nits (I know this is unrelated to your changes, but as long as we're improving things...):
- These images aren't run _inside of_ workspaces, but rather are themselves the workspace images.
- Given that this file doesn't (and IMO shouldn't) contain comprehensive information about _how_ to actually modify the images, I'm inclined to say we should just drop the second sentence entirely.

```suggestion
This directory contains source files for Docker images that are intended to be used as [PrairieLearn workspaces](https://prairielearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/workspaces/).
```
